README.md, before:

# GithubAPI

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.2.2.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

add a custom directive to highlight the username

README.md, after:

# GithubAPI

## Description

This project is about creating an online application where a user can enter their username and be able to find some of their information on Github.

## Author
Done by Pauline Nshimiye a student at Moringa School

## Functionality

The user enters their Github username, and when they click the "search "button htey can view their profile picture, number of followers,the number of tose they follow,  the number of thier repositories and a link to those repositories.
One can also search for a pecific repository
PS: the search can only be about github users.

## Setup Instructions
This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.2.2.

It is deployed on github pages and can be opened by a link on top next to the description field.Here is the link: https://pnshimiye.github.io/Github-API/ 

For one to view its code, they will need a text editor like Visual Studio code, and a linux terminal. they will also need to install Angular.CLI



## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
